fix: adding the kube ca cert to the truststores (#25586)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/24_0_0.adoc

Currently only Secrets are supported.

== Trust Kubernetes CA

> The cert for the Kubernetes CA is added automatically to your Keycloak pods managed by the operator.

Reviewer: The Kubernetes people use capital letters for all Kubernetes entities, so I suppose we should do the same. Instead of `Keycloak`, always use the attribute.

```suggestion
The cert for the Kubernetes CA is added automatically to your {project_name} Pods managed by the Operator.
```
